DEVELOPMENT.md, before:

# Development

- **4/20/20** 
    - Linked CinderBlock Choreograph to my project

- **4/21/20**
    - Created Engine, PacMan, Map, Direction, and Location classes
    - Imported gflags for use
    - Added logic: PacMan moves across the screen and map UI displays correctly;
    however, logic for collisions and movement restriction has not been added yet
    
- **4/22/20**
    - Added logic: PacMan now moves with constraints; can only move
    within the walls of the maze
    - Added a Ghost class and implemented images for each ghost
    
- **4/23/20**
    - Added UI for food; however, it has no other functions as of now and
    Pac-Man cannot interact with it
    
- **4/26/20**
    - Fixed bug that was causing the ghost to move L/R/U/D instead of U/D/L/R
    - Added some logic that allows 1 ghost to move on its own; however, still
    quite buggy so I need to smooth things out still
    
- **4/27/20**
    - Finished adding logic so now all ghosts move freely & randomly across the board
    
- **4/28/20**
    - Set up pre-game state where user must hit 'enter' to begin playing
    - Point system works correctly (10 points per food); however, food does not
    yet disappear when Pac-Man 'eats' it
    
- **4/29/20**
    - Food disappears when Pac-Man eats it
    - Displayed lives in the top left corner, also added logic that
    detects collisions between Pac-Man & ghosts. Pac-Man loses a life when
    he collides with a ghost. 
    - Also added very basic UI to display when the game is over 
    
- **5/1/20**
    - Created a Food class and FoodType enum class. Updated Map class, logic, and
    UI accordingly.
    - Added additional types of food and the behavior that corresponds with it.
        - Pacman now can 'eat' ghosts after eating 'special' food
    - Added logic so that the gate displays correctly depending on GameState
    - Added logic that resets the location of PacMan & the ghosts after 
    PacMan loses a life from colliding with a ghost
    
- **5/2/20**
    - Created a leaderboard and player class
    - Imported SQLite and used it to store, update, and display a leaderboard
    - Created UI for a home screen and leaderboard/game over screen 
    - Changed the font to an arcade font I downloaded on my computer
    - Added background music
    - Added audio for PacMan dying and eating 

---

Commit message:

since im no longer using choreograph, i added more images of pac man facing different directions so that the correct image (of pac man facing the right direction) displays depending on what direction pac man is moving in

DEVELOPMENT.md, after:

# Development

- **4/20/20** 
    - Linked CinderBlock Choreograph to my project

- **4/21/20**
    - Created Engine, PacMan, Map, Direction, and Location classes
    - Imported gflags for use
    - Added logic: PacMan moves across the screen and map UI displays correctly;
    however, logic for collisions and movement restriction has not been added yet
    
- **4/22/20**
    - Added logic: PacMan now moves with constraints; can only move
    within the walls of the maze
    - Added a Ghost class and implemented images for each ghost
    
- **4/23/20**
    - Added UI for food; however, it has no other functions as of now and
    Pac-Man cannot interact with it
    
- **4/26/20**
    - Fixed bug that was causing the ghost to move L/R/U/D instead of U/D/L/R
    - Added some logic that allows 1 ghost to move on its own; however, still
    quite buggy so I need to smooth things out still
    
- **4/27/20**
    - Finished adding logic so now all ghosts move freely & randomly across the board
    
- **4/28/20**
    - Set up pre-game state where user must hit 'enter' to begin playing
    - Point system works correctly (10 points per food); however, food does not
    yet disappear when Pac-Man 'eats' it
    
- **4/29/20**
    - Food disappears when Pac-Man eats it
    - Displayed lives in the top left corner, also added logic that
    detects collisions between Pac-Man & ghosts. Pac-Man loses a life when
    he collides with a ghost. 
    - Also added very basic UI to display when the game is over 
    
- **5/1/20**
    - Created a Food class and FoodType enum class. Updated Map class, logic, and
    UI accordingly.
    - Added additional types of food and the behavior that corresponds with it.
        - Pacman now can 'eat' ghosts after eating 'special' food
    - Added logic so that the gate displays correctly depending on GameState
    - Added logic that resets the location of PacMan & the ghosts after 
    PacMan loses a life from colliding with a ghost
    
- **5/2/20**
    - Created a leaderboard and player class
    - Imported SQLite and used it to store, update, and display a leaderboard
    - Created UI for a home screen and leaderboard/game over screen 
    - Changed the font to an arcade font I downloaded on my computer
    - Added background music
    - Added audio for PacMan dying and eating 
    
- **5/3/20**
    - Fixed small issue with the audio when Pac-Man dies
    - Expanded game play so that user keeps playing until they lose all 3 lives. 
      And when the user loses and goes back to the main screen, if they press
      'enter' again, they can play a whole new game where everything (including 
      lives and score) is reset. 
    - 

---
